feat(account): close and erase account (#2991)
scaleway/docs-content: console/account/how-to/close-account.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to close an account
  description: This page explains how to close your account and how to reopen it.
content:
  h1: How to close an account
  paragraph: This page explains how to close your account and how to reopen it.
tags: account close cancel delete deactivate close-account
dates:
  validation: 2024-03-02
  posted: 2021-06-22
categories:
  - console
---

If you do not want to use Scaleway services anymore, you can close your account and/or [erase your personal data](/console/account/how-to/manage-my-personal-data-gdpr/#how-to-erase-your-account-and-personal-data). 

## Closing your account or erasing your personal data: what’s the difference

<Macro id="close-vs-erase" />

## How to close your account

Closing your account will permanently delete your Organization’s servers, resources, services, and backups. However, you keep access to the Scaleway console. 

> <Macro id="requirements" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Macro id="requirements" />

```

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Ownership](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#owner) of the Organization you intend to delete

<Message type="note">

>   We recommend you delete all resources before closing your account. Otherwise, the remaining resources will be billed for usage before their manual deletion (this can take up to 10 days).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  We recommend that you delete all resources before closing your account. Otherwise, the remaining resources will be billed for usage before their manual deletion, which can take up to 10 days.
```

</Message>

> 1. Click the **Settings** tab from your Organization dashboard (alternatively, you can go to the User account page.)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Settings** tab from your Organization dashboard (alternatively, you can go to the **User account** page.)
```

> 1. Click the **Settings** tab from your Organization dashboard (alternatively, you can go to the **User account** page.)

Reviewer: I can't find the option to close an account under the User Account page. Will it be added to it?

> 1. Click the **Settings** tab from your Organization dashboard (alternatively, you can go to the **User account** page.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access the [Settings](https://console.scaleway.com/organization/settings) tab of your Organization dashboard (alternatively, you can go to the **User account** page.)
```

2. Scroll down to the **Close** account section.

> 3. Click the **Close account** button once you read and agree with the warning message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Click the **Close account** button once you have read and agreed with the warning message.
```

> 4. Type Close, then click Continue closing to confirm your decision.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Type **CLOSE**, then click **Continue closing** to confirm your decision.
```

5. Select the reasons why you are closing your account.

> 7. Click **Close account**. A message appears to confirm that closing has been scheduled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. Click **Close account**. A message appears to confirm that closing has been scheduled.
```

## How to reopen your account

> Once your account is closed, you can still access the Scaleway console. A red banner in the top navigation bar will explain that your account has been closed. If you want to reopen it, you can create a support ticket by clicking the link in the banner. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once your account is closed, you can still access the Scaleway console. A red banner in the top navigation bar will display to inform you that your account has been closed. If you want to reopen it, you can create a support ticket by clicking the link in the banner. 
```

> Once your account is closed, you can still access the Scaleway console. A red banner in the top navigation bar will display to inform you that your account has been closed. If you want to reopen it, you can create a support ticket by clicking the link in the banner. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your account is closed, you can still access the Scaleway console. A red banner in the top navigation bar will display to inform you that your account has been closed. If you want to reopen it, you can create a support ticket by clicking the link in the banner. 
```
